[Music]
5 Mexican fighters are ready to
become the next star
a series by robert rodríguez
sexy star blue demon junior pentagon
junior drago and phoenix will be the
Mexicans who will participate in the fight
serious underground that will produce the
filmmaker with big producers
then we are super excited of
be in wrestling where the great and
Well, the only thing that remains for us
is going to put the name of the height of
mexico and more than anything that we go
representing mexico and wrestling
triple to me the only thing I can tell you
I promise you that triple wrestling
'a' will stay up
wrestling where the elect
they assure that they are not afraid and that
they can beat any opponent
I am not afraid of whoever puts me like that
it's man if it's a woman I'm not afraid
I'm ready for what comes and I'm going
to prove that I am the best without
import the cameras and the exposure
that they will have with the program that
will broadcast on the channel the king says that
will not hide anything, not afterwards, not
knows who is behind the mask not
what is the day to day of each of each
person this I think then the
people only know the person
who is above the ring working
is giving them a show but
they really do not know everything they have
suffered everything that has happened to
to be on top of that ring and
give them a show I think that
I'm ready, I think
everyone has his story and then I
I'm not ashamed of mine not because
my story will always be mine and not no
I'm afraid to give it to all
world not knowing what you know, not everything
that has cost me all the work that I
has cost is to be phoenix is ​​in one of
the best wrestling companies
They will also take advantage to bring the
Mexican culture to the public
U.S
and it's a very big opportunity for
take us as Mexicans part of
our culture because part of the
Mexican culture is wrestling
then in some other countries not
They fail to understand why we have to
hide the face is therefore time to
demonstrate and teach them and of
tell them why the importance of
gladiators mask for us
they will go to compete in a world that is not
alien in Mexico since they belong to the
triple wrestling 'a' hello I'm sexy
star and I want to send a very big kiss
to all my friends of the universal and sexy
star
I am juniors spectator the middle zero
of wrestling I send a greeting my
universal greeting I will be in
underground fight follow me to all
readers of the universal to beat it
because here there is everything but fear and I
I am part of the fight on the ground
to my friends readers of the universal I
I am phoenix and here they have the wing team
triple-a let's fight underground
let's win with images of and
cervantes and information of erika monroy
the universal television